because women are colder than
men is a question that
we constantly do not do it myself
long life with my partner because I've
been constantly leaving you
jackets in winter because despite
bring your own coat needed a
layer one more layer to be able to be well
and not catch a cold and I do not
But many times I've gone with a
simple t-shirt in the middle of winter and no
I've taken absolutely nothing
we men resist much better in
cold because apart from body fat that
have women we have a system
muscle much more developed not
forget that the muscular system generates
a lot of heat when
we are using the muscles themselves
muscles at the time of when the
blood is generated a lot of
heat that together with the fat protects the
man much more than women
to tell the truth against more grips against
more muscle have one more man
immunity will have the cold so that
if a person is a bodybuilder
It has a lot of muscle
it will not be practically cold in any
environment even if it's always below zero
when it moves clear it is always and
When you use your muscles, women already
in themselves they are much more frivolous
let's say that the blood that the
women is mainly distributed to
warm the most important organs by
that women's feet almost always
they are cold in bed like the
hands men on the contrary
we can maintain the body heat of
hands more easily the heat
body of the feet and hands
you can usually say it in a way
general of the whole body and of
tips men we are better
prepared to fight against the cold
that women